Baga you all work
Prince Baga can't afford to lose
Besides
We haven't lost yet.
You two push him off me
That's right, those three games allowed you to win two by chance
But don't forget.
This third game is heart chess
It takes two people to play at the same time
One person plays chess with our rider
The other plays the role of a general and kills enemies on the chessboard
Whether the eldest princess is lucky or a salvo
I'm afraid there's no way to dissect the corpse by one person
Do you have any capable people to challenge?
If not, you lose
Knights of Jinluo
superb skills
In this world, no one has won at all
So no one dares to fight in the building
Also normal
Exactly.
After all, this chess was invented by my ancestors in the first Luo country
Even if you Daxia have capable people
I only know a little bit
Bold nonsense
Chess was invented by our Great Xia ancestors
The King of Silla
Don't even think about the mouth sticking together here
Just want to own it
OK
The Empress Dowager of Great Xia said that chess was invented by your country
Then why are you Daxia?
No one dares to come out and fight with the princess
Have you forgotten about Silla?
I, Great Xia, once led 28 people to take the Silla Kingdom
Why have so many years passed?
You still like stealing from people so much?
What are you?
Dare to talk nonsense here
All of you.
Is there anyone who can come out and fight together?
If not
Then you lose
Make good on your promise
Land cession indemnity
Who said missed
This king is down
Nan Wang is willing to be the battleship general of the eldest princess